from where we came in 1997 the hurricane
Pauline hits the warrior coast the
Vistahermosa family headed by the
Oblate parents adds to the
reconstruction of the communities more
affected in the municipality of
cuajinicuilapa
to see that one of the most problems
important in the area is the severe
child malnutrition is born nourishes a
boy
while a child starts his work
working with Afromestizo populations
and indigenous Amuzgos of the coast girl of
warrior in 2002 nurtures the child is
constituted as a civil association and
becomes an authorized grantee in
2011 the project extends to areas of
high marginalization in the state of mexico
we want to do our mission is
promote child development through
of nutrition in communities
vulnerable, boosting participation
Social
because we want to do it
child malnutrition affects the
growth and mental and motor development
in an irreversible way there is a period
critical in early childhood for
develop the capabilities
intellectuals with a diet
deficient is not going to be achieved in the rest
of the life
malnutrition makes evident the
Learning and desertion problems
the schools
malnutrition generates a circle
vicious intergenerational poverty
frustrating health education and
social and productive integration of
population
in Mexico, 19.9 percent of the
rural child population under 5 years
Children suffer from chronic malnutrition
they have the right to be nourished and
have a physical and mental state
healthy that allows them to receive and assimilate
an education that leads them to integrate
socially, early childhood is the
moment of huge risks but also
of huge opportunities for this nourishes
a child has developed programs of
Child nutrition
Health
Integral education
and social participation
thanks to these programs we have attended
more than 2,000 children with malnutrition the
20 percent managed to overcome the
reaching the optimal state of nutrition
64% decreased their level of
malnutrition notably improving its
health 16 percent had no changes
for various reasons beyond the program
We have delivered more than 48 thousand pantries
nutritional
We have served more than 1,460 families
we have included more than 1000 students
Volunteers and corporate volunteers
in our participation program
social this is just the beginning
nourishes a child seeks to combat this
multifactorial problem addressing
different fronts
we will continue nurturing the children
working prevention and reducing
the causes that cause malnutrition
we work in the integral education of
mothers of families registered in
our programs your training in
health and hygiene nutrition we look for
improvement of the environment in their homes that
Children live in healthy homes
we have started the inclusion of stoves
patsari avoiding the smoke inside the
houses and reducing deforestation
building dry toilets for hygiene and
dignity building cisterns with
collection systems rainwater
for domestic use, planting vegetable gardens
Backyard to have vitamins
and minerals that these generate
training in poultry farming
to count on proteins for all
the family is why that uniting
efforts and creating alliances we carry
our mission for the benefit of the
Mexican childhood
giving to the development and progress of the country
step by step community by community
contributes to tomorrow by nurturing the today